README.md, before:

# J-Weddings
A website for a wedding company that specializes elegant and beautiful weddings. It is a responsive website that is compatible with all devices. It is built using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap.

## Wireframes
The wireframes contained in this repository are intended to provide an early-stage visualization of the project's user interface design. They are not final designs, and are subject to change as the project progresses.

The wireframes were created using [Figma](https://figma.com/). They include basic elements such as navigation menus, buttons, forms, and placeholders for images and text. They do not include detailed styling or graphics.

<details><summary>Click To See Desktop Wireframe</summary>

![Desktop Wireframe](#)

</details>

<details><summary>Click To See Tablets Wireframe</summary>

![Tablet Wireframe](#)

</details>
<details><summary>Click To See Phones Wireframe</summary>

![Phones Wireframe](#)

</details>

## Images
This repository contains a collection of high-quality images from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/). Images were optimized using [TinyPNG](https://tinypng.com/).

## Typography
The fonts used in this project is the default font of Bootstrap. It is a sans-serif font that is used for headings and subheadings. It is a clean and simple font that is easy to read and understand.

##Color Scheme
This repository follows a specific color scheme to maintain consistency and improve visual appeal across all its components. The color scheme is used to differentiate different elements in the repository and to create a visual hierarchy for easy navigation and understanding.

Colors Used
The color scheme comprises four primary colors, which are used throughout the repository.

Commit message:

Add link of the live site to the repo

README.md, after:

# J-Weddings
A website for a wedding company that specializes elegant and beautiful weddings. It is a responsive website that is compatible with all devices. It is built using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap.

The link to the live website is [here](https://jweddings.online/).

## Wireframes
The wireframes contained in this repository are intended to provide an early-stage visualization of the project's user interface design. They are not final designs, and are subject to change as the project progresses.

The wireframes were created using [Figma](https://figma.com/). They include basic elements such as navigation menus, buttons, forms, and placeholders for images and text. They do not include detailed styling or graphics.

<details><summary>Click To See Desktop Wireframe</summary>

![Desktop Wireframe](#)

</details>

<details><summary>Click To See Tablets Wireframe</summary>

![Tablet Wireframe](#)

</details>
<details><summary>Click To See Phones Wireframe</summary>

![Phones Wireframe](#)

</details>

## Images
This repository contains a collection of high-quality images from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/). Images were optimized using [TinyPNG](https://tinypng.com/).

## Typography
The fonts used in this project is the default font of Bootstrap. It is a sans-serif font that is used for headings and subheadings. It is a clean and simple font that is easy to read and understand.

##Color Scheme
This repository follows a specific color scheme to maintain consistency and improve visual appeal across all its components. The color scheme is used to differentiate different elements in the repository and to create a visual hierarchy for easy navigation and understanding.

Colors Used
The color scheme comprises four primary colors, which are used throughout the repository.
